hello how about kids friends or forbidden
this time only from andorra mojana when answering a standing question
they have done me
A friend asked me if I could take them off and they tell me they are
annoying that sends us
thousands of southerners when we want is to open an application like can
they aspire permission to continue
ilm
less beaten
to do that we're going to go admission
they were going to get
aliens control panel
lion to sec and let's go to option 15
center security
no and here
we are going to go
haas where he says change the way he alerts me
the security center miki stanczak I know what will happen
and we are going to give the option who initiates we have adoptive to 86 and notify
we omit practical
Per hundred we are not a selection to initiate or notify and does not bother
not show icon
this is that here below the last
and promote status and so we will go home to others to the control panel
i not us to remove it now the messages from
min mendoza and cited his permission to continue and everything stood out
now to remove them from when we want to run a program that tells us this
caused and cited his permission to continue or something like that
or when we want to install a program that asks us for permission we cross to go
says user accounts
have followed me tell me to activate or deactivate the account control of
user
raneda to ask for iron man
t chalabe this screen is fifth
he says he's going to count soe sow accounts can help prevent the
authorized changes good extras for when we want to install a program with
some application
and that he did not want manikin mista permission to continue
paradoxical tas
rial lion we go effective of checks and quintín and the contract in the
mint
and they launch to accept the island but that they reinitiate the computer
what
they give you restart time
and that's the way it is not that his grief has been re-started
Quindiana more are no longer going to have them
announces are those so annoying that we intoned to bother us
to annoy the user or your hands
roberto no
I lie
Good to see everyone, I hope I helped you
and light companies in the previous